Add support for ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE for compressed hypertables. (#5454)
timescale/timescaledb: CHANGELOG.md

* #5361 Add parallel support for partialize_agg()
* #5252 Improve unique constraint support on compressed hypertables
* #5312 Add timeout support to ping_data_node()

> * #5454 Fix ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE on compressed hypertables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #5454 Add support for ON CONFLICT DO UPDATE for compressed hypertables
```

Author: Fixed.
